ArbitraryExecution

high

# `buyJUSD` trades USDC for JUSD in a 1-to-1 transaction regardless of the actual price of JUSD

## Summary

`buyJUSD` trades USDC for JUSD in a 1-to-1 transaction regardless of the actual price of JUSD.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `JUSDExchange` contract's primary purpose is to allow users to transfer USDC for JUSD in a 1-to-1 transaction by calling [`buyJUSD`](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/JUSDV1/blob/011e10d36257a404c8c1d7d2b8c9f01a2b7a1969/src/Impl/JUSDExchange.sol#L41). However, according to JOJO's [documentation](https://jojo-docs.netlify.app/JUSD#what-is-jusd):

> JUSD can be freely traded, however, its price is not guaranteed to be equal to Primary asset [USDC] in the open market.
Therefore, the `JUSDExchange` cannot implicitly assume that 1 JUSD will be worth 1 USDC and vice versa.

## Impact

In the case where JUSD pumps in value, arbitragers will be able to quickly arbitrage the protocol for profit. This is despite the ability of JOJO to turn on and off the exchange contract, as Arbitrum does not offer MEV relays and arbitragers today can be assumed to be faster than a protocol in reacting to price changes.

More importantly, `JUSDExchange` is used by the flash loan contracts to [buy and repay](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/JUSDV1/blob/011e10d36257a404c8c1d7d2b8c9f01a2b7a1969/src/Impl/flashloanImpl/FlashLoanRepay.sol#L63-L69) borrows to the `JUSDBank`. The `JUSDBank` also assumes that liquidations will be repaid using [flash loans](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/JUSDV1/blob/011e10d36257a404c8c1d7d2b8c9f01a2b7a1969/src/Impl/JUSDBank.sol#L486) as well. Therefore, if a user is forced to exchange USDC for JUSD, what they get in JUSD may not be worth the same value of USDC.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/JOJOexchange/JUSDV1/blob/011e10d36257a404c8c1d7d2b8c9f01a2b7a1969/src/Impl/JUSDExchange.sol#L43-L44

```solidity
function buyJUSD(uint256 amount, address to) external {
    require(isExchangeOpen, JUSDErrors.NOT_ALLOWED_TO_EXCHANGE);
    IERC20(primaryAsset).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, owner(), amount);
    IERC20(JUSD).safeTransfer(to, amount);
    emit BuyJUSD(amount, to, msg.sender);
}
```

## Tool used

Manual review.

## Recommendation

JOJO should implement slippage protection on `buyJUSD` so that users do not trade USDC for JUSD at a potentially significant loss. This will require JOJO to accurately track the price of JUSD relative to USDC.
