rvierdiiev

high

# User doesn't have ability to invalidate order with specific nonce

## Summary
Currently user that signed order doesn't have ability to invalidate it, as nonce is not checked.
## Vulnerability Detail
User sign their orders offchain and provide nonce inside the message.
When message is hashed, then unique hash is computed, that can identify that order. If nonce is changed, then hash is changed as well.
Using this hash, `JOJOExternal.approveTrade` function is checking that [order can't be used to buy/sell more paper than was provided in the order](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/contracts/impl/JOJOExternal.sol#L159-L163). So for example if order was signed to buy 5 papers, then trade executor can do trade as many times as he wishes with same order, but he can't buy more than 5 papersin total as it is provided in the order.

The problem here is next. User currently doesn't have control on his order, once he signed it. For example after signing order to buy 5 papers, user can change his mind and want to cancel this order. But he doesn't have such possibility. Another example is that his order is executed partially and 3 paper are already bought and now prices has changed, so user doesn't want to buy additional 2 papers. But executor still can trade this order. The only thing that can stop him [is expiration of the order](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/contracts/impl/JOJOExternal.sol#L144-L147).
## Impact
User can't cancel his order.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/contracts/impl/JOJOExternal.sol#L132-L135
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/contracts/impl/JOJOExternal.sol#L158-L163
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Validate nonce inside order, allow user to invalidate specific nonce.