ArbitraryExecution

high

# `quoteAllAvailablePoolsWithTimePeriod` can be manipulated with low liquidity pools

## Summary

`quoteAllAvailablePoolsWithTimePeriod` can be manipulated with low liquidity pools, and there exist Uniswap V3 pools on Arbitrum that JOJO may quote the price from that are low liquidity and therefore manipulatable.

## Vulnerability Detail

The [`quoteAllAvailablePoolsWithTimePeriod` function](https://github.com/Mean-Finance/uniswap-v3-oracle/blob/9935263665c5a16f9c385e909bcc6edcc8d56970/solidity/contracts/StaticOracle.sol#L53) from the `StaticOracle` contract is used in the `getMarkPrice` function of `uniswapPriceAdaptor.sol` to retrieve the weighted arithmetic mean of the tick prices of all applicable Uniswap V3 pools for the given `period`. However, the returned price can potentially be manipulated if the liquidity of a queried pool is low enough. This is because the arithmetic mean is susceptible to outliers. The potential for Uniswap V3 pools to be manipulated is usually considered a theoretical vulnerability for high-liquidity pools. However, there are specific instances of low liquidity Uniswap V3 pools on Arbitrum that JOJO will attempt to quote a price from, therefore making manipulation a real attack vector.

In one such instance, the deployed [`StaticOracle`](https://arbiscan.io/address/0xb210ce856631eeeb767efa666ec7c1c57738d438) contract that JOJO intends to use on Arbitrum returns the following three Uniswap V3 pools for the WBTC/USDC pair: [`0xac70bD92F89e6739B3a08Db9B6081a923912f73D`](https://arbiscan.io/address/0xac70bD92F89e6739B3a08Db9B6081a923912f73D), [`0xA62aD78825E3a55A77823F00Fe0050F567c1e4EE`](https://arbiscan.io/address/0xA62aD78825E3a55A77823F00Fe0050F567c1e4EE), and [`0x83450968eC7606F98Df1C170f8C922d55A13f236`](https://arbiscan.io/address/0x83450968eC7606F98Df1C170f8C922d55A13f236). Two of the three pools have low liquidity, which makes the average arithmetic mean of the three pools manipulatable.

## Impact

Manipulating the price of a token used in a perpetual opens up the opportunity for arbitrage on the JOJO protocol which in turn could increase counterparty risk. Additionally, if the price exceeds the allowed difference set by JOJO, this could cause a permanent DOS of the `uniswapPriceAdaptor` and `emergencyOracle` fallback oracle mechanism. Despite this oracle mechanism being the fallback to Chainlink, a permanent DOS of the backup price oracle system should be considered a critical failure.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/Mean-Finance/uniswap-v3-oracle/blob/9935263665c5a16f9c385e909bcc6edcc8d56970/solidity/contracts/StaticOracle.sol#L158-L174

```solidity
function _quote(
    uint128 _baseAmount,
    address _baseToken,
    address _quoteToken,
    address[] memory _pools,
    uint32 _period
  ) internal view returns (uint256 _quoteAmount) {
    require(_pools.length > 0, 'No defined pools');
    OracleLibrary.WeightedTickData[] memory _tickData = new OracleLibrary.WeightedTickData[](_pools.length);
    for (uint256 i; i < _pools.length; i++) {
      (_tickData[i].tick, _tickData[i].weight) = _period > 0
        ? OracleLibrary.consult(_pools[i], _period)
        : OracleLibrary.getBlockStartingTickAndLiquidity(_pools[i]);
    }
    int24 _weightedTick = _tickData.length == 1 ? _tickData[0].tick : OracleLibrary.getWeightedArithmeticMeanTick(_tickData);
    return OracleLibrary.getQuoteAtTick(_weightedTick, _baseAmount, _baseToken, _quoteToken);
}
```

## Tool used

Manual review.

## Recommendation

JOJO should consider replacing `quoteAllAvailablePoolsWithTimePeriod` with [`quoteSpecificPoolsWithTimePeriod`](https://github.com/Mean-Finance/uniswap-v3-oracle/blob/main/solidity/contracts/StaticOracle.sol#L77) and selecting a subset of Uniswap V3 pools with sufficient liquidity to avoid price manipulation.
