monrel

medium

# Blacklisted user can front-run liquidation and block liquidation of unsafe position

## Summary

USDC Blacklisted users can front-run liquidations to repay just enough to block the liquidation. This allows them to block liquidations even when the repayment is not enough to make their position safe.

## Vulnerability Detail
USDC blacklisted users can deposit, borrow and withdraw without problem since no USDC transfers are required. But the liquidation process requires an outbound transfer to the liquidated user in some circumstances.

In `JUSDBANK#liquidate()` we see the following require statement:

```solidity
        require(
            IERC20(primaryAsset).balanceOf(liquidated) -
                primaryLiquidatedAmount >=
                liquidateData.liquidatedRemainUSDC,
            JUSDErrors.LIQUIDATED_AMOUNT_NOT_ENOUGH
        )
```

Where `primaryLiquidateAmount` is the USDC balance before the liquidation. 

`liquidateData.liquidatedRemainUSDC` is >0 if `liquidateAmount` > `JUSDBorrowed` as seen in `JUSDBank#_calcLiquidateAmount`:

```solidity
    function _calculateLiquidateAmount(
		...
		...
        if (liquidateAmount <= JUSDBorrowed) {
            liquidateData.actualCollateral = amount;
            liquidateData.insuranceFee = amount.decimalMul(priceOff).decimalMul(
                reserve.insuranceFeeRate
            );
            liquidateData.actualLiquidatedT0 = liquidateAmount.decimalDiv(
                tRate
            );
            liquidateData.actualLiquidated = liquidateAmount;
        } else {
            liquidateData.actualCollateral = JUSDBorrowed
                .decimalDiv(priceOff)
                .decimalDiv(JOJOConstant.ONE - reserve.insuranceFeeRate);
            liquidateData.insuranceFee = JUSDBorrowed
                .decimalMul(reserve.insuranceFeeRate) 
                .decimalDiv(JOJOConstant.ONE - reserve.insuranceFeeRate)
            liquidateData.actualLiquidatedT0 = liquidatedInfo.t0BorrowBalance;
            liquidateData.actualLiquidated = JUSDBorrowed;
        }

        liquidateData.liquidatedRemainUSDC = (amount -
            liquidateData.actualCollateral).decimalMul(price);
        ...
        ...
```

In such a case the liquidation will fail since all transfers to blacklisted users revert. 

Blacklisted users can front-run liquidations where `liquidateAmount` < `JUSDBorrowed` and repay just enough to block liquidations, observe that they are not repaying enough to make their position safe but just enough to make `liquidateData.actualLiquidated` > 0.

Example of a block liquidation:
Bob is a blacklisted user and Alice a liquidator bot.

1. Bob has a position that can be liquidated and he needs to repay 15% of his debt to have a safe position.
2. Alice calls liquidate with an amount that would remove 99% of Bob's debt.
3. Bob front-runs Alice and repays 1.1%, the position is still unsafe so it should be possible to liquidate it.
4. Alice liquidation fails since `liquidateAmount` > `JUSDBorrowed`.

## Impact

Blacklisted users can front-run liquidations and repay enough to block them even if they have not repaid enough to be safe. 

It is reasonable to assume that most liquidations are going to attempt to liquidate as much collateral as possible since their profit is proportional to the amount liquidated in such cases the blacklisted users will only have to repay a minimal amount to put them above the `liquidateAmount` > `JUSDBorrowed` requirement to block the liquidation.

Blacklisted users will operate unfair under conditions where they can block certain liquidations certain while still having unsafe positions. To liquidate these positions liquidators will have to understand the issue described here and incrementally liquidate these positions with `amounts` small enough to force the liquidated users to repay enough to become safe or accept the liquidation. 

The consequence could be serious during a volatile market period where the liquidation process is important to not accumulate protocol debt. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/JUSDBank.sol#L199-L204

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/JUSDBank.sol#L410-L438

## Tool used

Manual Review, vscode, foundry

## Recommendation
Use internal accounting and allow liquidated users to pull out their USDC instead of transferring it during liquidation. 