gerdusx

medium

# JUSDExchange Lacks Function to Convert JUSD Back to USDC

## Summary
There is no functionality for users to convert their JUSD tokens back to USDC within the JUSDExchange smart contract. This limitation restricts users' ability to regain their initial assets.

## Vulnerability Detail
The JUSDExchange contract provides a buyJUSD function that allows users to exchange USDC for JUSD tokens. However, there is no corresponding function that enables users to sell their JUSD tokens back to USDC. The deposited USDC also gets transferred to the owner instead of the contract, so it will impossible to change your deposited JSUD back to USDC.

## Impact
Without a `sellJUSD` function, users who have purchased JUSD tokens from the exchange may find it difficult to convert their JUSD holdings back into USDC. 

## Code Snippet
In the JUSDExchange contract, the buyJUSD function is used for users to exchange USDC for JUSD tokens:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/JUSDExchange.sol#L41-L46

However, there is no function provided for users to sell their JUSD tokens back to USDC.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
I recommend implementing a `sellJUSD` function that allows users to exchange their JUSD tokens back to USDC. This function should transfer JUSD tokens from the user to the contract and transfer an equivalent amount of USDC from the contract back to the user. Below is an example implementation:

```solidity
function sellJUSD(uint256 amount) external {
    require(isExchangeOpen, JUSDErrors.NOT_ALLOWED_TO_EXCHANGE);
    IERC20(JUSD).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), amount);
    IERC20(primaryAsset).safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    emit SellJUSD(amount, msg.sender);
}
```