deadrxsezzz

medium

# Tokens using Uniswap oracle having to rely on manually updated Emergency Oracle will be almost unusable in a volatile market

## Summary
Currently, tokens which get their price from Uniswap V3 oracle, have to check that the Uniswap price is within a certain deviation threshold with the manually updated Emergency Oracle. This would be a huge problem in the case of volatile market.

## Vulnerability Detail
Currently, tokens which get their price from Uniswap V3 oracle, have to check that the Uniswap price is within a certain deviation threshold with the manually updated Emergency Oracle. In the case of high volatility - price constantly spiking up-and-down significant amounts, the Emergency oracle cannot be expected to be adequately manually updated often enough, especially considering that it utilizes a multi-sig protocol.
> "...emergency oracle owner, and insurance account, all utilizing multi-sig protocols."

With price constantly changing significant amounts, it will go outside of the deviation threshold, causing a DoS. Crypto markets are known for their volatility and such behavior only working properly in the case of stable markets should be considered a valid Medium vulnerability. 
Furthermore, such `sanity-checks` on the oracle should be considered unneeded, since the dev team hasn't implemented them on the Chainlink oracle as well. If the team really thinks such sanity checks are needed, it can compare the prices given from both Chainlink and Uniswap, since manipulation of both of them at the same time should be considered unrealistic. 

## Impact
DoS in the case of volatile markets 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/contracts/adaptor/uniswapPriceAdaptor.sol#L50

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do not compare the Uniswap price with the Emergency oracle price.