branch_indigo

high

# Possible Trader Free Riding with Max Leverage Leading to Protocol Bad Debt

## Summary
In JOJO trading, it's possible for a trader to open a position and trade with zero collateral leaving bad debts to the protocol.
## Vulnerability Detail
In Perpetual.sol `trade`, a trader account safety is checked at the end through `isAllSafe` from JOJOExternal.sol which calls an internal library function `_isAllSafe` to verify account safety after order matched.

```solidity
//Liquidation.sol: _isAllSafe()
...
int256 netValue = state.primaryCredit[trader] +
                SafeCast.toInt256(state.secondaryCredit[trader]);
...
maintenanceMargin +=
                    (paperAmount.decimalMul(markPrice).abs() *
                        params.liquidationThreshold) /
                    Types.ONE;
netValue += paperAmount.decimalMul(markPrice) + credit;
...
```
We see that if a trader has zero deposits, the netValue would be their position credit value. When their position is valued more than maintenanceMargin, the trader is considered safe and trade would be successful. There are several variables in this evaluation.
(1) markPrice: current markPrice at the time of transaction could be different from when initial order placed by the trader. Since order matching is done off-chain which is after trader order request. 
(2) liquidationThreshold: this is intended to be a relatively low ratio to allow traders higher leverage. In unit test environment, threshold is 3%.
(3) netValue: Note this value is also affected by markPrice. When user has zero deposit, this netValue could be positive when markPrice improved to a trader's favor, which results in a positive netValue .( paper valued more than initial credit which reflects trader's initial request price)

From the above, we know that if markPrice improves to an extend that a trader's netValue is at least 3% of the total paper value. The  trader position would be opened on-chain and trade is a success. And since 3% liquidationThreshold is a low requirement, the markPrice doesn't need to improve so dramatically for a trader to free ride with a temporary gain. 

However, this practice is dangerous to the protocol because markPrice could also easily tip to the opposite direction after position opened resulting in negative netValue/ temporary loss to the trader. At this point, since trader has no collateral, it would be liquidatable and the protocol would acquire a bad debt.

[Here's a test to show a trader with zero collaterals open positions and the protocol acquires bad debts.](https://gist.github.com/bzpassersby/526f361b26768b7dae80da747b7ce27a)

## Impact
When traders free ride for temporary gains, the protocol is at risk of acquiring debts with zero collateral to cover. If malicious traders are able to open positions at a larger scale, the protocol could be at risk of insolvency.

## Code Snippet
[https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/lib/Liquidation.sol#L142-L176](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/lib/Liquidation.sol#L142-L176)

[https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/impl/Perpetual.sol#L109](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/impl/Perpetual.sol#L109)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
When a trader has no positions prior to a trade, consider check separately user has some basic collateral deposits first. 
