branch_indigo

high

# Trader Can Withdraw Maximally Against Temporary Gain in Position Leaving Protocol with Bad Debts

## Summary
Trader Can Withdraw Maximally Against Temporary Gain in Position Leaving Protocol with Bad Debts
## Vulnerability Detail
In JoJo system, a trader can withdraw a primary asset more than their exiting deposit amount.  And a trader doesn't need to have any primary asset deposits to be able to withdraw primary assets as long as they are considered solidSafe after withdraw. As seen below, primaryCredit is an unsigned integer. And the primaryAsset token are transferred directly from JOJO protocol to the trader.

```solidity
//Funding.sol-_withdraw()
  if (primaryAmount > 0) {
            state.primaryCredit[payer] -= SafeCast.toInt256(primaryAmount); 
            if (isInternal) {
                state.primaryCredit[to] += SafeCast.toInt256(primaryAmount);
            } else {
                IERC20(state.primaryAsset).safeTransfer(to, primaryAmount);
            }
```
```solidity
//Liquidation.sol-_isSolidSafe()
  return
            netPositionValue + state.primaryCredit[trader] >= 0 &&
            netPositionValue +
                state.primaryCredit[trader] +
                SafeCast.toInt256(state.secondaryCredit[trader]) >=
            SafeCast.toInt256(maintenanceMargin);
```
In `_isSolidSafe`, we see that as a minimal requirement, as long as a trader 's netPositionValue offsets the negative primary asset balance, and a trader has some secondaryAsset deposited to satisfy maintenanceMargin ( set as 3% of netPositionValue based on JOJO unit tests), the trader is considered safe.

However, when a trader meets the above minimal requirement and withdraw is executed the trader would be borderline liquidatable. We see that in `getLiquidateCreditAmount` from Liquidation.sol, the only check to determine whether a trader can be liquidated is `_isSafe` which contains the same requirement from `_isSolidSafe`.

```solidity
//Liquidation.sol-_isSafe()
     return
            netPositionValue +
                state.primaryCredit[trader] +
                SafeCast.toInt256(state.secondaryCredit[trader]) >=
            SafeCast.toInt256(maintenanceMargin);
```
The above implementation leaves no buffer for a trader withdraw resulting in a trader could withdraw their account directly to the border of liquidation. This could be highly profitable for a trader when there is a significant temporary gain but the protocol might acquire bad debts.

[Here's a test that shows how a trader profits from maximum withdraw and how a bad debts might not be covered by insurance and  trader collaterals.](https://gist.github.com/bzpassersby/45e4de45f2216c3d00198db220dd94b2)

There are two tests in the gist. (1) A trader can maximally withdraw against temporary profits leaving bad debts not covered ;(2) A trader can maximally withdraw against temporary profits both before and after liquidation. Note that after liquidation, it's still possible for a user to withdraw a portion of secondary asset deposit to maximize their profits. This should not be allowed either. 

## Impact
Trader Can Withdraw Maximally Against Temporary Gain in Position Leaving Protocol with Bad Debts that might not be covered by acquired insurance.

## Code Snippet
[
https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/lib/Liquidation.sol#L119-L124](
https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/lib/Liquidation.sol#L119-L124)

[https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/lib/Liquidation.sol](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/lib/Liquidation.sol#L99-L103)

[https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/lib/Funding.sol#L135-L140](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/lib/Funding.sol#L135-L140)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding extra buffer to reduce withdraw limit.
