ArbitraryExecution

medium

# Users that have open positions in perpetuals that have been unregistered can never have their bad debt handled

## Summary

Users that have open positions in perpetuals that have been unregistered can never have their bad debt handled.

## Vulnerability Detail

The [`handleBadDebt` function](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/lib/Liquidation.sol#L399) can be called from either a [`Perpetual` contract](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/impl/Perpetual.sol#L165) during liquidation or directly from the [`JOJOExternal` contract](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/impl/JOJOExternal.sol#L56), as it does not have the `onlyRegisteredPerp` modifier. This intrinsically makes sense, as the protocol may need to directly handle bad debt from users in a perpetual agnostic way. However, `handleBadDebt` will only transfer bad debt to the insurance account if [both conditions](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/lib/Liquidation.sol#L402-L405) are met. Notice the length of `openPositions` for the trader address has to be zero.

Each open position corresponds to a perpetual address at which a trader has an open position for. These open positions can only be closed, and subsequently removed from `openPositions`, by calling [`_realizePnl`](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/impl/JOJOExternal.sol#L95-L100). `_realizePnl` is only callable by a registered perpetual, and can only remove the address of the perpetual contract that initiated the top-level call. Therefore, if a perpetual is unregistered, any user that had an open position in that perpetual will be unable to remove the perpetual address from their `openPositions` array. This is because the calls that facilitate the `_realizePnl` function call must pass the [`onlyRegisteredPerp`](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/impl/JOJOStorage.sol#L35) modifier, but if a perpetual has been unregistered the modifier will revert. Therefore, for any subsequent liquidations on these users from any other perpetual address, the protocol will be unable to assume any lingering bad debt.

## Impact

An accumulation of lingering bad debt that cannot be assumed by the insurance account could cause the JOJO protocol to destabilize.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/lib/Liquidation.sol#L402-L405

```solidity
function handleBadDebt(Types.State storage state, address liquidatedTrader)
    external
{
    if (
        state.openPositions[liquidatedTrader].length == 0 &&
        !Liquidation._isSafe(state, liquidatedTrader)
    ) {
        int256 primaryCredit = state.primaryCredit[liquidatedTrader];
        uint256 secondaryCredit = state.secondaryCredit[liquidatedTrader];
        state.primaryCredit[state.insurance] += primaryCredit;
        state.secondaryCredit[state.insurance] += secondaryCredit;
        state.primaryCredit[liquidatedTrader] = 0;
        state.secondaryCredit[liquidatedTrader] = 0;
        emit HandleBadDebt(
            liquidatedTrader,
            primaryCredit,
            secondaryCredit
        );
    }
}
```

## Tool used

Manual review.

## Recommendation

The [expression](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/lib/Liquidation.sol#L402-L405) in `handleBadDebt` should be modified to check for open positions on perpetuals that have been unregistered. If an unregistered position is found, the PNL for that position should be realized; this means the internal `_realizePnl` function will also need to be modified to allow the `JOJODealer` contract to specify a perpetual address. Then, once any open positions in unregistered perpetuals have been closed, the original expression in `handleBadDebt` can be evaluated.
