p0wd3r

medium

# Users are unable to undo their withdraw requests which may lose the value of their collateral

## Summary
Users are unable to undo their withdraw requests, which may lose the value of their collateral.
## Vulnerability Detail
According to the document, the matching engine off-chain will reduce the balance upon receiving a withdraw request.
https://jojo-docs.netlify.app/deposit-and-withdraw#withdrawal-pending-period
> The matching engine will reduce the user's available balance immediately after listening to the withdrawal request in order to avoid invalid matching.

There is currently no method to undo a withdraw request in the contract, which may lead to the following scenarios.

1. Alice opened a position normally.
2. Alice initiated a withdrawal request, and the off-chain matching engine detected a decrease in Alice's balance.
3. During the pending period, there was a change in the price of the underlying asset, which caused the withdrawal to revert. 
4. Due to the existence of simulated execution, these types of revert transactions usually do not reflect on the chain. Therefore, the matching machine is unable to detect.
5. At this point, Alice's balance on-chain did not change, but her balance at the off-chain matching engine decreased. This means that Alice will be unable to fully operate her position by using the off-chain orderbook.

## Impact
User lose the value of collateral
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/main/contracts/lib/Funding.sol#L84
https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/main/contracts/lib/Funding.sol#L155
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a function to undo withdraw request.
