EtherealPrince

medium

# JOJODealer

## Summary

In summary, the JOJODealer contract appears to be a simple contract. However, there are several potential issues and vulnerabilities that should be addressed to ensure the contract is secure and reliable.

## Vulnerability Detail

Use of tx.origin: In the JOJODealer.sol contract, the function setOperator uses tx.origin to set the operator. Using tx.origin instead of msg.sender can lead to potential security issues, as an attacker can perform a transaction on behalf of another user and exploit the contract.

Reentrancy vulnerability: The JOJODealer.sol contract uses the ReentrancyGuard contract from OpenZeppelin to prevent reentrancy attacks, but there is a potential reentrancy vulnerability in the setOperator function. Specifically, an attacker can call setOperator from a malicious contract that calls a function in JOJODealer.sol which can be re-entered by the attacker.

Lack of access control: The JOJODealer.sol contract does not have sufficient access control. Specifically, the setOperator function and the setPerpRiskParams function can be called by anyone, while they should only be called by the owner or an authorized party.

## Impact
Medium

## Code Snippet

In https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/contracts/utils/Errors.sol

```solidity
function checkOnlyEOA(address sender) internal view {
    require(sender == tx.origin, Errors.TXT_NOT_EOA);
}

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address the use of tx.origin, it is recommended to replace all instances of tx.origin with msg.sender to ensure that the correct address is used to perform transactions.

To address the potential reentrancy vulnerability, it is recommended to add the nonReentrant modifier to the setOperator function to prevent multiple calls from being made by an attacker.

To address the lack of input validation, it is recommended to add input validation to the setFundingRateKeeper function to ensure that only valid addresses are accepted.

To address the lack of access control, it is recommended to add access control modifiers to the setOperator and setPerpRiskParams functions to restrict their use to the owner or authorized parties.

To address the use of outdated Solidity version, it is recommended to update the Solidity version to the latest version or at least a more recent version than 0.8.9 to reduce the potential risk of exploitation.
