p0wd3r

medium

# Use block.number instead of block.timestamp to avoid MEV.

## Summary`
The `block.timestamp` set by miners allows for a certain degree of error, and the health of an account is affected by `block.timestamp`. Therefore, miners can manipulate block.timestamp to influence user operations, for example, preventing users from making withdrawals.

Since the project team expressed a interest in MEV in their documentation, I think it's worth pointing out this vulnerability.

> JOJO is especially interested in losses/malfunctioning related to MEV.
## Vulnerability Detail
JUSD uses `tRate` to calculate the health of its accounts, for example:

https://github.com/JOJOexchange/JUSDV1/blob/011e10d36257a404c8c1d7d2b8c9f01a2b7a1969/src/Impl/JUSDView.sol#LL123C5-L128C6
```solidity
function _isAccountSafe(
        DataTypes.UserInfo storage user,
        uint256 tRate
    ) internal view returns (bool) {
        return user.t0BorrowBalance.decimalMul(tRate) <= _maxMintAmount(user);
    }
```

`tRate` is calculated based on `block.timestamp`:

https://github.com/JOJOexchange/JUSDV1/blob/011e10d36257a404c8c1d7d2b8c9f01a2b7a1969/src/Impl/JUSDBankStorage.sol#LL51C5-L57C6
```solidity
function getTRate() public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 timeDifference = block.timestamp - uint256(lastUpdateTimestamp);
        return
            t0Rate +
            (borrowFeeRate * timeDifference) /
            JOJOConstant.SECONDS_PER_YEAR;
    }
```

Due to the fact that `block.timestamp` is set by miners and allows for a certain degree of deviation from real time, malicious changes made by miners to `block.timestamp` may affect the protocol's assessment of account health.

Below are some possible scenarios:
1. Users withdrawing as much as possible is considered to meet the health requirements based on real time, but miners can prevent users from performing this action by slightly increasing `block.timestamp` and failing the health check, which hinders normal user behavior.
2. Normally, users are expected to meet the health requirements. However, miners manipulate the `block.timestamp` to make user accounts fail the health check and insert their own liquidation transactions for profit.
## Impact
Manipulate the user's health status, and then carry out malicious operations such as blocking withdrawals or conducting premature liquidation.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/JOJOexchange/JUSDV1/blob/011e10d36257a404c8c1d7d2b8c9f01a2b7a1969/src/Impl/JUSDView.sol#LL123C5-L128C6
https://github.com/JOJOexchange/JUSDV1/blob/011e10d36257a404c8c1d7d2b8c9f01a2b7a1969/src/Impl/JUSDBankStorage.sol#LL51C5-L57C6
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use `block.number` instead of `block.timestamp`, as implemented by Compound.
https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol/blob/a3214f67b73310d547e00fc578e8355911c9d376/contracts/CToken.sol#L327