Bauer

high

# Perpetual newPaper calculation may overflow

## Summary
The addition operation in the code `int128 newPaper = balanceMap[trader].paper + SafeCast.toInt128(paperChange);` may result in an overflow, which can occur if the resulting value exceeds the range of int128. This can happen if the current value of balanceMap[trader].paper is close to the maximum value of int128 (2^127 - 1) and the paperChange is a large positive value. In such cases, the resulting sum may exceed the maximum value of int128 and cause an overflow.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `_settle()` function is used to settle the trader's position and credit changes, updates the balanceMap mapping. Inside the function,it calculates the new position (newPaper) `int128 newPaper = balanceMap[trader].paper +
            SafeCast.toInt128(paperChange);` The addition operation in this code may cause an overflow. The range of int128 is from -2^127 to 2^127 - 1. If the value of balanceMap[trader].paper is already close to 2^127 - 1, adding a large paperChange may cause an overflow.
```solidity
function _settle(
        address trader,
        int256 paperChange,
        int256 creditChange
    ) internal {
        bool isNewPosition = balanceMap[trader].paper == 0;
        int256 rate = fundingRate; // gas saving
        int256 credit = int256(balanceMap[trader].paper).decimalMul(rate) +
            int256(balanceMap[trader].reducedCredit) +
            creditChange;
        int128 newPaper = balanceMap[trader].paper +
            SafeCast.toInt128(paperChange);

```

## Impact
The newPaper calculation may overflow

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/contracts/impl/Perpetual.sol#L192-L193
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
When performing this addition operation, it is necessary to ensure that the input parameters will not cause an overflow. One way to do this is to check paperChange before calling this function to ensure that it will not cause the result to exceed the range of int128. Alternatively, before performing the addition operation, you can use functions from the SafeMath library to ensure that no overflow will occur.
