Bauer

medium

# Did not approve to zero first

## Summary
If an attacker leaves a small amount of approval to the approveTarget, other users will be unable to swap tokens such as USDT on the Target platform to repay JUSD

## Vulnerability Detail
The `GeneralRepay.repayJUSD()` function is used to repay JUSD debt using the caller's assets, with the option to swap assets if necessary to obtain sufficient USDC to repay the debt. The function first transfers the amount of asset from the caller's address to the contract address. If the asset is not USDC, the function decodes the param parameter to retrieve approveTarget, swapTarget, minAmount, and data, approves the approveTarget to spend the transferred asset, and calls the swapTarget with the provided data.
However,some ERC20 tokens like USDT require resetting the approval to 0 first before being able to reset it to another value.
The `repayJUSD()` function does not do this - unlike OpenZeppelin's safeApprove implementation.
If an attacker leaves a small amount of approval to the approveTarget, other users will be unable to swap tokens such as USDT on the Target platform.
 The same issue for `FlashLoanLiquidate.JOJOFlashLoan()` and `FlashLoanRepay.JOJOFlashLoan()` functions.
```solidity
function repayJUSD(
        address asset,
        uint256 amount,
        address to,
        bytes memory param
    ) external {
        IERC20(asset).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), amount);
        uint256 minReceive;
        if (asset != USDC) {
            (address approveTarget, address swapTarget, uint256 minAmount, bytes memory data) = abi
                .decode(param, (address, address, uint256, bytes));
            IERC20(asset).approve(approveTarget, amount);
            (bool success, ) = swapTarget.call(data);
            if (success == false) {
                assembly {
                    let ptr := mload(0x40)
                    let size := returndatasize()
                    returndatacopy(ptr, 0, size)
                    revert(ptr, size)
                }
            }
            minReceive = minAmount;
        }

```
## Impact
User will be unable to swap certain token  to repay jusd

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/flashloanImpl/GeneralRepay.sol#L43

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to set the allowance to zero before increasing the allowance and use safeApprove/safeIncreaseAllowance.