ArbitraryExecution

medium

# The `emergencyOracle` contract can be turned on without setting the price first

## Summary

The `emergencyOracle` contract can be turned on without setting the price first.

## Vulnerability Detail

The owner of the `emergencyOracle` can [turn on](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/adaptor/emergencyOracle.sol#L36) the oracle without having set the price using `setMarkPrice`.

## Impact

There are two consequences if the oracle is turned on before setting the correct price:

1. The price will be zero, which makes the asset free.
2. The price from the `emergencyOracle` is used in `UniswapPriceAdaptor` as the [denominator](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/adaptor/uniswapPriceAdaptor.sol#L50-L52) when calculating percent difference. Division by zero will cause the call to panic, and as per the [Solidity docs](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.9/control-structures.html#panic-via-assert-and-error-via-require), code should never panic:

> Properly functioning code should never create a Panic, not even on invalid external input. If this happens, then there is a bug in your contract which you should fix.
## Code Snippet

https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/adaptor/emergencyOracle.sol#L36

```solidity
function turnOnOracle() external onlyOwner {
    turnOn = true;
}
```

## Tool used

Manual review.

## Recommendation

1. Add a price parameter to [`turnOnOracle`](https://github.com/JOJOexchange/smart-contract-EVM/blob/4a95a8e9a6367ae88dc827e29467229cb5bbad4f/contracts/adaptor/emergencyOracle.sol#L36) and then call `setMarkPrice` as part of that call. Additionally, change the visibility of `setMarkPrice` to `public`. This always ensures the price of the `emergencyOracle` contract is up to date when the oracle is turned on.
2. Add a check to make sure the passed-in price in `setMarkPrice` can never be zero.
