carrotsmuggler

medium

# Free tokens can be borrowed in dust amounts

## Summary

Dust amounts can be stolen due to rounding errors.

## Vulnerability Detail

During the `borrow` call in JUSDBank, The debt for the account is updated, and then the tokens are minted. If the debt update does not happen due to a rounding error, then users can essentially mint out free tokens. This is true for small amounts in this contract, as demonstrated further.

During the `borrow` call, the debt in the following function.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/JUSDBank.sol#L281-L287

Then the tokens are sent out in the following lines.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/JUSDBank.sol#L291-L293

The debt updated is `t0Amount`, while the tokens printed is `tAmount`. These are related as `t0Amount = tAmount.decimalDiv(tRate)`. `tAmount` is in 6 decimals, while `tRate` is in 18 decimals. `tRate` is always greater than 1e18. The `decimalDiv` function calculates the product as: `t0Amount = tAmount * 1e18 / tRate`. Thus for small values of tAmount and large values of tRate, we can have a situation where the t0Amount calculated is 0. For example, if tAmount is 1 wei, and tRate is anything above 1e18. Thus tokens can be minted (since tAmount is not 0) but debt isnt added (since t0Amount is 0). The impact can be limited, however this breaks one of the invariants of the system, and is thus considered a medium issue.

## Impact

Stealing of tokens in small amounts

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/JUSDBank.sol#L281-L287
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/JUSDBank.sol#L291-L293

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Revert if the t0Amount is 0. This will prevent the minting of tokens if the debt is not updated.
