Inspex

high

# Arbitrary low-level call in `DepositStableCoinToDealer` and `GeneralRepay` contracts allows theft of users' approved tokens.


## Summary
The `DepositStableCoinToDealer` and `GeneralRepay` contracts allow any user to input a `swapTarget` address and call data, which may lead to users who approve tokens to these contracts losing their funds. This is because an attacker can input the token address and the `transferFrom()` function's calldata, allowing them to steal the users' tokens. 


## Vulnerability Detail
The `DepositStableCoinToDealer` and `GeneralRepay` contracts have a vulnerability that allows users to perform low-level call to any contract addresses by inputting a `swapTarget` address and calldata without any validation.

This creates a risk for users' tokens because an attacker could perform a `transferFrom()` function transaction to transfer tokens that the user has already approved to these contracts.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/flashloanImpl/GeneralRepay.sol#L32-L73

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/contracts/stableCoin/DepositStableCoinToDealer.sol#L23-L50


Example of attacker scenario:
1. An attacker borrows funds from the platform.
2. The attacker deposits 1 USDC into the `DepositStableCoinToDealer` or `GeneralRepay` contract.
3. By inputting the token's address as the `swapTarget` and `transferFrom()` function's calldata, the attacker steals USDC tokens that the victim has previously approved to the contract.
4. The attacker's debt on the platform will be repaid by 1 USDC token in the step 2, making the transaction appear valid.


## Impact
Users who approve their tokens to the `DepositStableCoinToDealer` and `GeneralRepay` contracts may lose their funds.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/flashloanImpl/GeneralRepay.sol#L32-L73

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/contracts/stableCoin/DepositStableCoinToDealer.sol#L23-L50



## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
We recommend call swap function directly instead of low-level call. Or implementing a validation check on the `swapTarget` address and calldata input by users. This can be done by whitelisting only approved addresses and data for swaps, and rejecting any inputs that do not match the whitelist.


