lil.eth

medium

# Front-Running Vulnerability in depositStableCoin() Function

## Summary

A front-running vulnerability exists in the depositStableCoin() function of the given smart contract. The vulnerability allows a malicious user to exploit the fact that the function does not properly validate swap outcomes or enforce the order of transactions. As a result, the attacker can submit a transaction with a higher gas price, front-running the original user's transaction, and potentially benefiting from the token swap executed by the honest user. 

## Vulnerability Detail

The **`depositStableCoin()`** function in the smart contract is designed to accept a stablecoin, swap it for USDC, and deposit the USDC to the specified account. The vulnerability arises due to the lack of proper validation and sequencing of transactions in this function.

The function accepts a **`swapTarget`** address and **`data`** as input, which are used to perform the token swap. However, there is no validation to ensure that the **`swapTarget`** address is a legitimate and trustworthy contract. This opens up the possibility for an attacker to provide a malicious **`swapTarget`** contract that returns success without performing any actual token swap.

Moreover, the function does not enforce the order of transactions or implement any mechanisms to prevent front-running. As a result, an attacker can monitor pending transactions and submit their own transaction with a higher gas price, causing it to be processed before the honest user's transaction.

Scenario : 

1. Alice call depositStableCoin() with minReceive parameter too low
2. Alice swap her tokens using [[swapTarget.call](http://swaptarget.call/)](http://swapTarget.call) to a legitimate swapper
3. Bob see in the memPool Alice has done the swap, he submit a transaction with higher gas fee and a malicious swapTarget contract that returns success without swapping anything
4. Transaction to depositStableCoin() from bob check this : `uint256 USDCAmount = IERC20(USDC).balanceOf(address(this));`
5. Because Alice swapped her tokens just before the USDCAmount is sufficient to be transferred
6. Bob can freely transfer Alice `amount - minReceive` usdc tokens submitted by Alice 
7. Tokens are deposited to Bob account
8. Rest of tokens are deposited to Alice account

## Impact

This vulnerability allows a malicious actor to front-run an honest user's transaction and exploit the token swap executed by the honest user for their own benefit.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/smart-contract-EVM/contracts/stableCoin/DepositStableCoinToDealer.sol#L23-L51

```solidity
function depositStableCoin(address asset,uint256 amount,address to,bytes calldata param,uint256 minReceive) external {
      IERC20(asset).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), amount);
      (address approveTarget, address swapTarget, bytes memory data) = abi.decode(param, (address, address, bytes));
      // if usdt
      IERC20(asset).approve(approveTarget, 0);
      IERC20(asset).approve(approveTarget, amount);
      (bool success, ) = swapTarget.call(data); // supposed to swap IERC20(asset) to USDC
      if (success == false) {
          assembly {
              let ptr := mload(0x40)
              let size := returndatasize()
              returndatacopy(ptr, 0, size)
              revert(ptr, size)
          }
      }

      uint256 USDCAmount = IERC20(USDC).balanceOf(address(this));
      require(USDCAmount >= minReceive,"receive amount is too small");
      IERC20(USDC).approve(JOJODealer, USDCAmount);
      IDealer(JOJODealer).deposit(USDCAmount, 0, to); 
  }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is pretty hard to fix this as you want to allow user to use it’s “own” oracle instead of using a trusted swapping platform.

You could also check that `IERC20(USDC).balanceOf(address(this))` has been effectively incremented by `minReceive` after the actual swap happened, if not revert.