Polaris_tow

medium

# Missing deadline checks allow pending transactions to be maliciously executed

## Summary
The contract does not allow users to submit a deadline for their action. This missing feature enables pending transactions to be maliciously executed at a later point.
## Vulnerability Detail
The contract should provide their users with an option to limit the execution of their pending actions, such as swaps or adding and removing liquidity. The most common solution is to include a deadline timestamp as a parameter (for example see [Uniswap V2](https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-periphery/blob/0335e8f7e1bd1e8d8329fd300aea2ef2f36dd19f/contracts/UniswapV2Router02.sol#L229)). If such an option is not present, users can unknowingly perform bad trades.
When a transaction is submitted to the mempool, but the user has selected a transaction fee that is too low, miners are not interested in including it in a block. The transaction can stay in the mempool for a long time, possibly hours, days, weeks, or even longer. When the average gas fee drops enough for the user's transaction to become interesting again for miners to include it, the transaction will be executed. In the meantime, the price of the token could have drastically changed. This could result in serious losses for the user.

## Impact

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/JUSDExchange.sol#L41-L47
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/JUSDBank.sol

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Introduce a deadline parameter to the mentioned functions.