yixxas

medium

# `reserve.totalDepositAmount` is shared across all collaterals despite them having very different values

## Summary
Supported collaterals for deposits are WBTC, WETH, ARB. These tokens have extremely different values and should not share the same weightage when it is being added to `reserve.totalDepositAmount`.
1 WBTC is currently worth about 27000x more than 1 ARB. 

## Vulnerability Detail

In `_deposit()` there are 2 kinds of limits enforced by the protocol. A per account limit and a global limit. The per account limit tracks `user.depositBalance[collateral]`. This value is compared to `reserve.maxDepositAmountPerAccount`. `reserve.maxDepositAmountPerAccount` is a value used to decide the maximum of each collateral a user can deposit. This value is however shared across all collaterals. 

The protocol, for instance, may set `reserve.maxDepositAmountPerAccount = 1000e18`. This is a very generous limit for say, WBTC as the USD market value is about $27000000 at the point of this writing. However, the same limit is used for ARB, which is only about $1100.

Similarly, we see that `reserve.totalDepositAmount += amount`. `amount` can be the value of either WBTC, WETH, or ARB, all of which have very different values. The protocol has little control in managing the amount of collateral that can be deposited. This value is henced capped by the lowest values of the collaterals, in our case, ARB. WBTC and WETH deposits effectively has little impact on `reserve.totalDepositAmount`.

```solidity
    function _deposit(
        DataTypes.ReserveInfo storage reserve,
        DataTypes.UserInfo storage user,
        uint256 amount,
        address collateral,
        address to,
        address from
    ) internal {
        require(reserve.isDepositAllowed, JUSDErrors.RESERVE_NOT_ALLOW_DEPOSIT);
        require(amount != 0, JUSDErrors.DEPOSIT_AMOUNT_IS_ZERO);
        IERC20(collateral).safeTransferFrom(from, address(this), amount);
        _addCollateralIfNotExists(user, collateral);
        user.depositBalance[collateral] += amount;
        reserve.totalDepositAmount += amount;
        require(
            user.depositBalance[collateral] <=
                reserve.maxDepositAmountPerAccount,
            JUSDErrors.EXCEED_THE_MAX_DEPOSIT_AMOUNT_PER_ACCOUNT
        );
        require(
            reserve.totalDepositAmount <= reserve.maxTotalDepositAmount,
            JUSDErrors.EXCEED_THE_MAX_DEPOSIT_AMOUNT_TOTAL
        );
        emit Deposit(collateral, from, to, msg.sender, amount);
    }
```

## Impact
Protocol has little control in the collateral limits set since different collateral with vastly different values share the same variable.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-jojo/blob/main/JUSDV1/src/Impl/JUSDBank.sol#L247-L271

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding a a way to differentiate `amount` of the different collaterals used. One way is to use oracle to price them.

